#


## KeyBdInput
```python 
KeyBdInput()
```


---
A class used to represent a Keyboard Input.

Attributes
----------
wVk : ctypes.c_ushort
The virtual-key code of the nonsystem key.
---
    The hardware scan code for the key.
    Specifies various aspects of a keystroke.
    The time stamp for the event.
    An additional value associated with the keystroke.

----


## HardwareInput
```python 
HardwareInput()
```


---
A class used to represent a Hardware Input.

Attributes
----------
uMsg : ctypes.c_ulong
The message generated by the input hardware.
---
    Additional information about the message.
    Additional information about the message.

----


## MouseInput
```python 
MouseInput()
```


---
A class used to represent a Mouse Input.

Attributes
----------
dx : ctypes.c_long
The mouse's absolute position along the x-axis or its amount of motion since the last mouse event.
---
    The mouse's absolute position along the y-axis or its amount of motion since the last mouse event.
    The mouse wheel's movement.
    A set of bit flags that specify various aspects of mouse motion and button clicks.
    The time stamp for the event.
    An additional value associated with the mouse event.

----


## POINT
```python 
POINT()
```


---
A class used to represent a Point.

Attributes
----------
x : ctypes.c_long
The x-coordinate of the point.
---
    The y-coordinate of the point.

----


## InputI
```python 
InputI()
```


---
A class used to represent an Input.

Attributes
----------
ki : KeyBdInput
The keyboard input.
---
    The mouse input.
    The hardware input.

----


## Input
```python 
Input()
```


---
A class used to represent an Input.

Attributes
----------
type : ctypes.c_ulong
The type of the input event.
---
    The input.

----


## Keyboard
```python 
Keyboard()
```


---
A class used to represent a Keyboard.


**Methods:**


### .key_down
```python
.key_down(
   key
)
```

---
Simulates a key press down event.


**Args**

* **key** (tuple) : A tuple containing the key code and type of the key to be pressed down.


### .key_up
```python
.key_up(
   key
)
```

---
Simulates a key release up event.


**Args**

* **key** (tuple) : A tuple containing the key code and type of the key to be released up.


### .press
```python
.press(
   key
)
```

---
Simulates a full key press event (press down and release up).


**Args**

* **key** (tuple) : A tuple containing the key code and type of the key to be pressed and released.


----


### _send_keyboard_event
```python
._send_keyboard_event(
   key, event
)
```

---
Sends a keyboard event.


**Args**

* **key** (int) : The key code of the key to send.
* **event** (int) : The event to send (KEY_DOWN or KEY_UP).

